I'm here with a MVP rashaan evans
disperses talking about
the album Mississippi game has gotten
pretty exciting yes really excited and
definite had a good time
and just playing the top talent from
Mississippi and Alabama I definitely
feel good about playing my game also a
chance to play the position that one to
play you know a high school buddy get a
chance to you know just plain him I just
off yeah talk about a I mean you
know getting out here this week what's
it been like for you to work with other
top guys and you talk about you're
looking forward to it also it's
definitely humbly just the fact that you
know you pretty much got to be on your
P's and Q's and every day and just work
hard no these guys definitely made me
better and also made me change on my
game you know what did you know be
successful a little feeler gauges I just
had a sighted moment with the game and
audiences playing with you guys I here
man just I just had a good time yeah
kind of walk us through the play where
you kind of rushing and tipped ball
afford yeah yeah I was trying to brush
off the edge try to get the quarterback
and I saw it actually saw the one of a
kind of peel off for a screen and I kind
of backed up tip it up and then I get
took me a few seconds final ball and I
finally found it and I ended up in
anything yeah I guess for you now you
got get some business set under armor
games so you got another busy month or
so before you make a decision this
however things kind of playing out for
you everything is playing out pretty
good definitely continue to develop
relationships with the coaches also what
I want to do maybe Jamie where to take
my take my officials we're definitely on
to do that just pretty much might not
what I'm gonna go after this notice
definitely get healthy
pretty much keep doing I've been doing
work on my crafting I don't get myself
ready for the next game yeah talk a
little about albin you've been watching
them that kind of role is kept going on
what was kind of impressed of what
they've been doing I'm very impressed me
along definitely going bad so you know
how I was talking about you know this
season will definitely the side effect
you know if I want to go there not you
know and they definitely press me just
with the winds and also how they turn
turn around the whole season then we
just replace your attitude they
definitely believe also with the
community so I'm definitely just happy
about them because to do ya do ya Trey
and Stephen those guys pushing the hard
oh yeah they did ma'am tomorrow and
Alabama lives like a tug-of-war man
these guys know I love all these guys
may just playing with me you know it's
always funny you know to see here but
they got to say about